Why didn't you tell me all this sooner?
If you had said it earlier
There would be no explanation.
Do you believe me if I said this earlier?
I said that the Dragon Gate canonization banquet was set by me
Do you believe it?
I said the congratulatory gift was from me, did you believe it?
I said it was the Kunlun Seal
Do you believe it again?
I believe it. I believe it
It's over.
I said the token was given by me
You face me
I said that Tianmen was founded by me
You're still mocking me
Now I say I am the Lord God of Tianmen
You are still mocking me
That's not what happened.
Am I useful?
Ah, it's too late now, is it useful?
Is it still useful for me to ask you now?
It really doesn't work that way.
I just want to make the Lin family better
Therefore, for the sake of the security of the world
You divorced me?
Now I know that I am the Lord God of Tianmen
You regret it, right?
I was wrong. I was wrong.
Give me another chance.
Don't do this to me, didn't I give you a chance?
How many chances have I given you?
Everything I say is true
Did you ever believe me?
Now I tell you
I'll give you everything from the Lins
I'm going to take it back now
You can't do this.
This is the result of my hard work
You have worked hard
Wan Guohao stands up and counts poetry with me
Lin Qianjiao, do you think you have worked hard for a few years?
Can Lin's Group be ranked among the top three in Yancheng?
This is all God's support
You can't just obliterate my enlightenment
Your success
There are so many wealthy families in Yancheng
Who hasn't gone through generations?
Decades of hard work
Just reached the step of Yancheng's wealthy family
It took a few years to get to this point
Do you think you are capable?
President Wan, you can't erase the credit of my daughter
He is the number one strong woman in Rouge
Does he deserve to know the temporary group?
Why haven't I suffered in recent years?
Commercial sniping?
Know why you cooperate with the temporary group
Will the salesperson give you the profit?
How do you know this?
Because of all this
It was all ordered by the Lord God himself
All companies in Yancheng and Kangcheng
All received orders from my Universal Chamber of Commerce
otherwise
Why would they have nothing to do with you?
Yunde's company cooperation
Why let you take the big profit?
There is no difference between God and Lord
Say you are three or five years old
You can't do it in 20 or 30 years.
No.
How is that possible?
It's not true.
So far
Close the back
You deal with it.
Don't worry.
Don't go up on the Eternal Festival
Lies deserve death
Now I declare
Abolish your IWC Vice President Ruins
Immediate execution
Ask God for forgiveness
I don't dare anymore.
Lord, please forgive me.
Lin Shaojie abused Shen Chu and others many times
Shen Chu is disrespectful
From today, the Chen family will be removed from the society of nations
In the future, Kang Sheng will never want the Chen family in Yancheng again
No, this is all done by Lin Qianjiao and the others
It has nothing to do with me.
Lin Qianjiao
All the companies that cooperate with your Lin Group
No more profits
IWC burned down all companies
Don't cooperate with Lin's Group?
No, it's not easy, Longyuan, you can't enter
We used to be Voynice
I am kind to you
You can't do this to me!
The love of the past
It has already been in the heart of this magic language
exhausted
I can still allow your Lin Group to exist now
It's already because your grandfather saved me back then
It's really majestic
Did you know
I'm just looking for death